c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\NETFractals.exe.config
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\NETFractals.exe
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\NETFractals.pdb
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2017.dll
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.dll
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.dll
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\ZedGraph.dll
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.DebuggerVisualizers.dll
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.UI.GL.xml
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\Emgu.CV.World.xml
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\obj\Debug\NETFractals.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\obj\Debug\NETFractals.exe
c:\users\asidorchuk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\obj\Debug\NETFractals.pdb
C:\Users\ASidorchuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\obj\Debug\NETFractals.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\ASidorchuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\msvcp140.dll
C:\Users\ASidorchuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\opencv_ffmpeg330_64.dll
C:\Users\ASidorchuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\vcruntime140.dll
C:\Users\ASidorchuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\concrt140.dll
C:\Users\ASidorchuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\cvextern.dll
C:\Users\ASidorchuk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\NETFractals\NETFractals\bin\Debug\cvextern.lib
